Come back to a new tutorial.
And in this video we were talking about how to create a new message in the race.
So far we have been dealing with already defined race messages like thunder and buzziest streaming geometry
and was just released for windows to the commands etc..
However we might have the need to find our own messages if not existing message type defines the content
that you want to carry out in the message.
For example you have new hardware that will provide you a new data that is not defined in any existing
message that in this case you want to define your own custom message.
First let us understand the structure of our message.
Typically our message is defined by two things the package name where it belongs to its proper name.
For example the string message type is a type defined in the package standard Yes whereas the message
is defined in the package geometry as yes.
The same thing.
If we want to define our own message it will be associated to a package.
I will show you how to create your own message inside the rest package.
In addition every last message has some content which is defined by the type of field and also a field
that will have a value with respect to it's typed.
For example the street message contains one field of types 3 and its name is data.
Another example is the message.
Use it for velocity comments.
It has two attributes linear and angular type vectors.
Each of these two attributes is composed of three float values.
The x y and z components of the velocities.
Now let us consider a simple example where we will develop our customers message for an Internet of
Things.
Or no let us assume that you have a sensor not attached to us and provides for values the ID of the
sensor which is an integer.
The name of the sensor which is a string.
Also the temperature and humidity which are Froud values such a message is not defined in the US so
we would like to define it and create a custom message that can be used to publish these values in Rowse
ecosystem and also create a subscriber that can listen to these values and process them.
So I will demonstrate how to create this complete application starting from defining the new Rosmah
such then writing the publisher note and a subscriber note that we communicate together using the created
method.
The steps to create a new message are as follows.
First we need to create a folder inside the package where the message will be created.
This father will be called MSDE for defining Grus messages.
Second we will create a message file with the extension that MSEE and we re edit this fight two of the
attributes of the methods and their types.
Every attribute should be defined in one line in the MHs you fight.
Then we need to update the dependencies in the package that X-amount and this you make this look XTi
so that the message can be generated as a library in the ecosystem.
After that you must compile the package using that can make such.
The message will be generated and after words it can be used by different rules notes.
Finally we can make sure that the message is created using the command.
Russ M.Z. showed in the next video I will demonstrate how to implement these steps to create a customer's
message and a publisher subscriber application that uses this message.
Let's see how it works.